---
sidebar_position: 1
title: GSoC'25 @ FOSSology
slug: /2025
---

<!--
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0

SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Kaushlendra Pratap <kaushlendra-pratap.singh@siemens.com>
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Siemens AG
-->

FOSSology is looking forward for participating in
[Google Summer of Code 2025](https://opensource.googleblog.com/2025/01/google-summer-of-code-2025-is-here.html).

You can visit our [idea page for GSoC 2025](GSoC-projects.md).

More info to come here.

### Projects

[//]: # "Following are the important links to projects."

| Contributor                                                | Project                                                            | Final Reports |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------|
| [Devanshi Sachan](https://github.com/devxnshi)             | FOSSology UX and UI Redesign                                       |               |
| [Tiyasa Kundu](https://github.com/tiyasakundu)             | Completion of UI using React.js                                    |[Visit](https://github.com/tiyasakundu/GSoC2025/)|
| [Harshit Gandhi](https://github.com/harshitg927)           | Support text phrases and bulk based scanning for Monk a like agent |               |
| [Vaibhav Sahu](https://github.com/Vaibhavsahu2810)         | Reuse of clearing decisions using reports from OSSelot Project     |               |
| [Prakash Mishra](https://github.com/Prakash-Mishra-9ghz)   | Integrating OSS Review Toolkit with FOSSology                      |               |
| [M.Salman](https://github.com/SalmanDeveloperz)            | Complete Microservices Infrastructure for FOSSology                |               |
| [Chayan Das](https://github.com/ChayanDass)                | LicenseDB Platform Improvements                                    |               |
| [Ahmed Gamal](https://github.com/Ahmed-Gamal24)            | Enhancing Debian Packaging for FOSSology                           |               |
| [Rajul Jha](https://github.com/rajuljha)                   | Enhance Atarashi's Ability                                         |               |
| [Abdulsobur Oyewale](https://github.com/smilingprogrammer) | Data Pipeline For Safaa                                            |               |

### Proposed Mentors

- [Kaushlendra Pratap](https://github.com/Kaushl2208)
- [Gaurav Mishra](https://github.com/GMishx)
- [Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd)
- [Katharina Ettinger](https://github.com/EttingerK)
- [Ayush Bhardwaj](https://github.com/hastagAB)
- [Avinal Kumar](https://github.com/avinal)
- [Sushant Kumar](https://github.com/its-sushant)
- [Jan Altenberg](https://github.com/JanAltenberg)
- [Sahil](https://github.com/sjha2048)
- [Soham Banerjee](https://github.com/soham4abc)
- [Amrit Verma](https://github.com/amritkv)

### Meetings table

| Topic(s)                                                           | Timings                       | Meeting link                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | ICS                                     |
|:-------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------|
| General Meeting                                                    | _Thursday_ 12:30 - 13:30 UTC  | [MS Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_YWE1NTBmZjAtM2JmZC00MDllLTk4MmUtY2I4YTVlMjdmNWE4%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2238ae3bcd-9579-4fd4-adda-b42e1495d55a%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%227f1979f2-e3e3-40d0-8a77-bcef842abf7e%22%7d) | [.ics](/ics/gsoc_2025_weekly.ics)       |
| -                                                                  | -                             | -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | -                                       |
| FOSSology UX and UI Redesign                                       | _Tuesday_ 12:30 - 13:30 UTC   | [MS Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_NjA1N2U1YWUtZWJkYy00NTRjLWI2ODItNGI5NDEwN2MwYWEz%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2238ae3bcd-9579-4fd4-adda-b42e1495d55a%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%227f1979f2-e3e3-40d0-8a77-bcef842abf7e%22%7d) | [.ics](/ics/gsoc_2025_ux.ics)           |
| Completion of UI using React.js                                    | _Tuesday_ 12:30 - 13:30 UTC   | [MS Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_NjA1N2U1YWUtZWJkYy00NTRjLWI2ODItNGI5NDEwN2MwYWEz%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2238ae3bcd-9579-4fd4-adda-b42e1495d55a%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%227f1979f2-e3e3-40d0-8a77-bcef842abf7e%22%7d) | [.ics](/ics/gsoc_2025_ux.ics)           |
| Support text phrases and bulk based scanning for Monk a like agent | _Tuesday_ 10:30 - 10:55 UTC   | [MS Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_MDk0M2Y4M2ItMjlmOC00NzBjLTgxZjctZTYyNzdlYWFhZGFh%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2238ae3bcd-9579-4fd4-adda-b42e1495d55a%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%227f1979f2-e3e3-40d0-8a77-bcef842abf7e%22%7d) | [.ics](/ics/gsoc_2025_monk.ics)         |
| Reuse of clearing decisions using reports from OSSelot Project     | _Friday_ 08:00 - 08:45 UTC    | [BBB](https://bbb.osadl.org/b/rooms/epl-5m7-oml-pds)                                                                                                                                                                                                            | [.ics](/ics/gsoc_2025_osselot.ics)      |
| Integrating OSS Review Toolkit with FOSSology                      | _Monday_ 12:30 - 13:00 UTC    | [MS Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_NjdhMmRhYTQtMmY3MC00YjBlLTk2OTYtZjEyNDcwNjEzNTA5%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2238ae3bcd-9579-4fd4-adda-b42e1495d55a%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%22a897f79c-71f3-4e34-a964-67183e5a6731%22%7d) | [.ics](/ics/gsoc_2025_ort.ics)          |
| Complete Microservices Infrastructure for FOSSology                | _Wednesday_ 10:30 - 11:15 UTC | [Google Meet](https://meet.google.com/xpu-sjub-jbx)                                                                                                                                                                                                             | [.ics](/ics/gsoc_2025_microservice.ics) |
| LicenseDB Platform Improvements                                    | _Thursday_ 12:00 - 12:25 UTC  | [MS Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_MWU5MWE1MzMtODdkMS00MTExLTk5YzAtNTc5ZjdlZTM1YmFj%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2238ae3bcd-9579-4fd4-adda-b42e1495d55a%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%221e78d072-24d8-46e0-98e7-a2f334b6d35b%22%7d) | [.ics](/ics/gsoc_2025_laas.ics)         |
| Enhancing Debian Packaging for FOSSology                           | _Thursday_ 10:30 - 11:00 UTC  | [MS Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_ODNmMWYxOGYtYzY4OC00MDU4LTkxYzktMDM5NWI0YmNmNDNi%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2238ae3bcd-9579-4fd4-adda-b42e1495d55a%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%227f1979f2-e3e3-40d0-8a77-bcef842abf7e%22%7d) | [.ics](/ics/gsoc_2025_debian.ics)       |
| Enhance Atarashi's Ability                                         | _Wednesday_ 11:30 - 12:00 UTC | [MS Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_YTNlY2FmYzctNTEyNy00Njg4LTk1MmYtMTdkYzRhMzVmNjlm%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2238ae3bcd-9579-4fd4-adda-b42e1495d55a%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%22a897f79c-71f3-4e34-a964-67183e5a6731%22%7d) | [.ics](/ics/gsoc_2025_atarashi.ics)     |
| Data Pipeline For Safaa                                            | _Wednesday_ 12:00 - 12:30 UTC | [MS Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_YTY0ZjVmYTItMzg3OS00MGZiLThlOTItMGNhNDc4NWYzZDE0%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2238ae3bcd-9579-4fd4-adda-b42e1495d55a%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%22a897f79c-71f3-4e34-a964-67183e5a6731%22%7d) | [.ics](/ics/gsoc_2025_safaa.ics)        |

### Photo

Photos to come soon.

Thanks for being part of the community. ðŸ’š
